docs/spring-boot/app-starter.md, before:

# BDK Extension App Spring Boot Starter
The Symphony BDK for Java provides a _Starter_ module that aims to ease extension app backend developments within a
[Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot) application.
 
## Features
- Configure extension app through `application.yaml`
- Expose a REST API to perform [Circle of Trust authentication](https://developers.symphony.com/extension/docs/application-authentication).

## Installation

The following listing shows the `pom.xml` file that has to be created when using Maven:
```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<project xmlns="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0"
         xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
         xsi:schemaLocation="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0 http://maven.apache.org/xsd/maven-4.0.0.xsd">
    <modelVersion>4.0.0</modelVersion>

    <groupId>com.example</groupId>
    <artifactId>bdk-app-spring-boot</artifactId>
    <version>0.0.1-SNAPSHOT</version>
    <name>bdk-app-spring-boot</name>
    
    <properties>
        <project.build.sourceEncoding>UTF-8</project.build.sourceEncoding>
    </properties>

    <dependencyManagement>
        <dependencies>
            <dependency>
                <groupId>org.finos.symphony.bdk</groupId>
                <artifactId>symphony-bdk-bom</artifactId>
                <version>2.1.0</version>
                <type>pom</type>
                <scope>import</scope>
            </dependency>
        </dependencies>
    </dependencyManagement>

    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.finos.symphony.bdk</groupId>
            <artifactId>symphony-bdk-app-spring-boot-starter</artifactId>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
    
    <build>
        <pluginManagement>
            <plugins>
                <plugin>
                    <groupId>org.finos.symphony.bdk</groupId>
                    <artifactId>spring-boot-maven-plugin</artifactId>
                    <version>2.3.4.RELEASE</version>
                </plugin>
            </plugins>
        </pluginManagement>
    </build>
</project>
```
The following listing shows the `build.gradle` file that has to be created when using Gradle:
```groovy
plugins {
    id 'java-library'
    id 'org.springframework.boot' version '2.3.4.RELEASE'
}

dependencies {
    implementation platform('org.finos.symphony.bdk:symphony-bdk-bom:2.1.0')
    
    implementation 'org.finos.symphony.bdk:symphony-bdk-app-spring-boot-starter'
}
```

## Create a Simple Backend for Extension Application
As a first step, you have to initialize your environment through the Spring Boot `src/main/resources/application.yaml` file: 
```yaml
bdk:
    host: acme.symphony.com
    bot:
      username: bot-username
      privateKey:
        path: /path/to/rsa/privatekey.pem
      
    app:
        appId: app-id
        privateKey:
          path: /path/tp/rsa/app_privatekey.pem

bdk-app:
    auth:
      enabled: true # activate the CircleOfTrust endpoints (default is true)
      jwtCookie:
        enabled: true # activate the jwt cookie storage (default is false)
        expireIn: 1d # jwt cookie duration (default value is 1d, see https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/spring-boot-features.html#boot-features-external-config-conversion-duration) 
    cors: # enable Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) communication
      "[/**]": # url mapping
        allowed-origins: "*" # list of allowed origins path pattern that be specific origins,
        allow-credentials: false # Access-Control-Allow-Credentials response header for CORS request
        allowed-methods: ["POST", "GET"] # list of HTTP methods to allow
        allowed-headers: "*" # list of headers that a request can list as allowed (multiple values allowed by using ["header-name-1", "header-name-2"])
        exposed-headers: ["header-name-1", "header-name-2"] # list of response headers that a response can have and can be exposed, the value "*" is not allowed for this field.
    tracing:
        enabled: true # activate the tracing filter
        urlPatterns:  # Add URL patterns that the tracing filter will be registered against
          - /api/*
logging:
    level:
        com.symphony: debug # in development mode, it is strongly recommended to set the BDK logging level at DEBUG
``` 
> You can notice here that the `bdk` property inherits from the [`BdkConfig`](https://javadoc.io/doc/org.finos.symphony.bdk/symphony-bdk-core/latest/com/symphony/bdk/core/config/model/BdkConfig.html) class.

As required by Spring Boot, you have to create an `src/main/java/com/example/bot/ExtAppSpringApplication.java` class:
```java
@SpringBootApplication
public class ExtAppSpringApplication {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        SpringApplication.run(ExtAppSpringApplication.class, args);
    }
}
```

## Circle of Trust

By configuring the property `bdk-app.auth.enabled=true`, the Application backend will provide Apis for performing
the [Circle of Trust](https://developers.symphony.com/extension/docs/application-authentication) of Symphony:
[Circle of Trust API](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SymphonyPlatformSolutions/symphony-api-client-java/master/docs/spring-boot/circle-of-trust.yaml)

Commit message:

#483 Jwt Cookie set with SameSite=Strict (#486) (#487)
* EIS-2766: Jwt Cookie set with SameSite=Strict

The request to /bdk/v1/app/auth appears to be vulnerable
to cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attacks against authenticated users.

The request can be issued cross-domain.
The BDK relies solely on HTTP cookies to identify the user that issued the request.
The request performs some privileged action within the application, which returns a token.
The attacker can determine all the parameters required to construct a request that
performs the action. If the request contains any values that the attacker cannot
determine or predict, then it is not vulnerable.

Setting the SameSite=Strict will prevent sending the cookie when the request is done from another domain.

* Make sameSite attribute configurable with default value = Strict

docs/spring-boot/app-starter.md, after:

# BDK Extension App Spring Boot Starter
The Symphony BDK for Java provides a _Starter_ module that aims to ease extension app backend developments within a
[Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot) application.
 
## Features
- Configure extension app through `application.yaml`
- Expose a REST API to perform [Circle of Trust authentication](https://developers.symphony.com/extension/docs/application-authentication).

## Installation

The following listing shows the `pom.xml` file that has to be created when using Maven:
```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<project xmlns="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0"
         xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
         xsi:schemaLocation="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0 http://maven.apache.org/xsd/maven-4.0.0.xsd">
    <modelVersion>4.0.0</modelVersion>

    <groupId>com.example</groupId>
    <artifactId>bdk-app-spring-boot</artifactId>
    <version>0.0.1-SNAPSHOT</version>
    <name>bdk-app-spring-boot</name>
    
    <properties>
        <project.build.sourceEncoding>UTF-8</project.build.sourceEncoding>
    </properties>

    <dependencyManagement>
        <dependencies>
            <dependency>
                <groupId>org.finos.symphony.bdk</groupId>
                <artifactId>symphony-bdk-bom</artifactId>
                <version>2.1.0</version>
                <type>pom</type>
                <scope>import</scope>
            </dependency>
        </dependencies>
    </dependencyManagement>

    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.finos.symphony.bdk</groupId>
            <artifactId>symphony-bdk-app-spring-boot-starter</artifactId>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
    
    <build>
        <pluginManagement>
            <plugins>
                <plugin>
                    <groupId>org.finos.symphony.bdk</groupId>
                    <artifactId>spring-boot-maven-plugin</artifactId>
                    <version>2.3.4.RELEASE</version>
                </plugin>
            </plugins>
        </pluginManagement>
    </build>
</project>
```
The following listing shows the `build.gradle` file that has to be created when using Gradle:
```groovy
plugins {
    id 'java-library'
    id 'org.springframework.boot' version '2.3.4.RELEASE'
}

dependencies {
    implementation platform('org.finos.symphony.bdk:symphony-bdk-bom:2.1.0')
    
    implementation 'org.finos.symphony.bdk:symphony-bdk-app-spring-boot-starter'
}
```

## Create a Simple Backend for Extension Application
As a first step, you have to initialize your environment through the Spring Boot `src/main/resources/application.yaml` file: 
```yaml
bdk:
    host: acme.symphony.com
    bot:
      username: bot-username
      privateKey:
        path: /path/to/rsa/privatekey.pem
      
    app:
        appId: app-id
        privateKey:
          path: /path/tp/rsa/app_privatekey.pem

bdk-app:
    auth:
      enabled: true # activate the CircleOfTrust endpoints (default is true)
      jwtCookie:
        enabled: true # activate the jwt cookie storage (default is false)
        sameSite: Strict # same site configuration to restrict the jwt cookie from cross-site domain (default is Strict)
        expireIn: 1d # jwt cookie duration (default value is 1d, see https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/spring-boot-features.html#boot-features-external-config-conversion-duration) 
    cors: # enable Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) communication
      "[/**]": # url mapping
        allowed-origins: "*" # list of allowed origins path pattern that be specific origins,
        allow-credentials: false # Access-Control-Allow-Credentials response header for CORS request
        allowed-methods: ["POST", "GET"] # list of HTTP methods to allow
        allowed-headers: "*" # list of headers that a request can list as allowed (multiple values allowed by using ["header-name-1", "header-name-2"])
        exposed-headers: ["header-name-1", "header-name-2"] # list of response headers that a response can have and can be exposed, the value "*" is not allowed for this field.
    tracing:
        enabled: true # activate the tracing filter
        urlPatterns:  # Add URL patterns that the tracing filter will be registered against
          - /api/*
logging:
    level:
        com.symphony: debug # in development mode, it is strongly recommended to set the BDK logging level at DEBUG
``` 
> You can notice here that the `bdk` property inherits from the [`BdkConfig`](https://javadoc.io/doc/org.finos.symphony.bdk/symphony-bdk-core/latest/com/symphony/bdk/core/config/model/BdkConfig.html) class.

As required by Spring Boot, you have to create an `src/main/java/com/example/bot/ExtAppSpringApplication.java` class:
```java
@SpringBootApplication
public class ExtAppSpringApplication {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        SpringApplication.run(ExtAppSpringApplication.class, args);
    }
}
```

## Circle of Trust

By configuring the property `bdk-app.auth.enabled=true`, the Application backend will provide Apis for performing
the [Circle of Trust](https://developers.symphony.com/extension/docs/application-authentication) of Symphony:
[Circle of Trust API](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SymphonyPlatformSolutions/symphony-api-client-java/master/docs/spring-boot/circle-of-trust.yaml)
